fourth (#455)
g0aty/SickoMenu: FEATURES.md

- **Replace Streamer Mode Lobby Code** Changes the streamer mode hidden code from "******" to your custom text (Default: "SICKOS")
- **RGB Lobby Code** Makes the lobby code RGB (Default: OFF)
- **Unlock All Achievements** Unlocks all Achievements
- **Unlock Cosmetics** Unlocks every single cosmetic (hats, visors, etc.) (Default: OFF)
- **Safe Mode** Disables certain features whenever there is an anticheat (Default: ON)
- **Allow other mod users to see you're using ...** Allows other mod menu users to see that you are using either SickoMenu, AmongUsMenu, or KillNetwork. (Default: SickoMenu)
### Spoofing
<img width="400" height="300" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-12 160940" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/db97a985-1527-45f1-ae33-c37551ce974f" />

- **Spoof Guest Account** Spoofs your account to be a new guest account everytime you log in *(Works best with version.dll)* (Default: OFF)
- **Use Custom Guest Friend Code** Changes your new friend code to whatever you want as long as it's valid (Default: OFF)
- **Spoof Level** Spoofs your level in game (Default: OFF)
- **Spoof Platform** Spoofs your platform to whatever you choose (Default: OFF)

> - **+25 Mode** Disables anticheat so other SickoMenu users in your lobby can disable safe mode without being kicked (Default: OFF)

Reviewer: A more correct description ig
```suggestion
- **+25 Mode** Disables anticheat while hosting. NOTE: Lobbies created in this protocol are hidden from regular players (Default: OFF)
```
